---
layout: post
title: "My vision about the CS degree"
date: 2024-06-27 15:45:00 +5000
categories: COMPUTER-SCIENCE PERSONAL
---
# My vision about the CS degree
## Introduction:
I want to start by explaining how I decided to pursue this career. When I finished school, I noticed that I was interested in computational topics such as cybersecurity, data science, and development. For this reason, I decided to search for careers that would teach me about these topics. At this point, the reader might wonder why I didn't choose to study systems engineering. The answer is that during my last years in school, I began to discover the power of mathematics. I wanted a career where I could develop both interests. During that time, I was advised to look into the Computer Science (CS) program at the National University. I discovered that the focus of this program was the mathematics behind computation, and I realized it was the career I had been searching for.

## Past:
This career is very interesting because it combines math and computers. One reason for my interest is that I love understanding how computers manage tasks that are implemented. For example, I'm fascinated by how computers handle small and large numbers and how they truncate them, considering the finite memory of the machine. But we can't talk about numbers without acknowledging the mathematicians who developed the theory behind this useful tool. As someone who enjoys discovering the human and historical context behind the theorems that structure this field, classes like Math Fundamentals and Numeric Systems help me understand, read, and analyze discoveries in this amazing topic.

## Present:
Now, let's talk about my current experience in the career. The university has taught me that I need to do more to become a good professional, such as making connections and developing useful skills. For these reasons, I have started to learn some topics on my own, based on advice from others or my own discoveries.

## Future:
Finally, regarding the future of my CS degree, I expect that it will teach me the basics of what I need to know for the professional field, the correct way to start and develop research, the theory behind computers, and what it takes to become a competent professional. I hope to learn more math and discover additional topics along the way.
